 <START> <START> <START> 
 Hacking Facebook account is one of the highest forms of hackerly courtesy to a break into a system and then b explain to the sysop preferably by email from a superuser account exactly how it was done and how the hole can be plugged acting as an unpaid and unsolicited tiger team . 
 The most reliable manifestation of either version of the hacker ethic is that almost all hackers are actively willing to share technical tricks software and where possible computing resources with other hackers . 
 Huge cooperative networks such as USENET FidoNet and Internet see Internet address can function without central control because of this trait they both rely on and reinforce a sense of community that may be hackerdom s most valuable intangible asset . 
 hacking run analogy with bombing run or speed run n . 
 A portion of a program that is thought to be trivial or insignificant right up to the moment it crashes the system . 
 Fortunately fork bombs are relatively easy to spot and kill so creating one deliberately seldom accomplishes more than to bring the just wrath of the gods down upon the perpetrator . 
 See also quantifiers pico nanoacre nanobot nanocomputer nanofortnight . 
 nanoacre nan oh ay kr n . 
 A state bank whose paper issues are legal tender shall replace all private banks . 
 This measure will make it possible to regulate the credit system in the interest of the people as a whole and emphasis like this which emphasizes the phrase as a whole and will thus undermine the dominion of the Party would not endure FOR EVER . 
 Like an answer the three slogans on the white face of the Ministry of Truth with the light no longer shining on them looked grim as the loopholes of a fortress . 
 His heart leapt . 
 Scores of times she had done it intentionally . 
 It was certainly in wide use among hackers for at least five years before achieving mainstream currency in early 1992 . 
 Get a gold tooth and call everybody dawg . 
 I m sorry if you have bad dreams . 
 Should we let him through . 
 Should we tell him . 
 One who hacks vision in an AI context such as the processing of visual images . 
 WALDO probably taken from the story Waldo by Heinlein which is where the term was first used by Fred Brooks in his classic The Mythical Man Month Essays on Software Engineering Addison Wesley 1975 ISBN 0 201 00650 2 . 
 It described the jump from a set of nice simple operating systems on the IBM 70xx series to OS 360 on the 360 series . 
 A victim of the dreaded hybridism disease this attempt to combine the two main currents of the UNIX stream BSD and USG UNIX became a monstrosity to haunt system administrators dreams . 
 For example when hackers go on a great wall hot and sour wonton soup . 
 vannevar van var n . 
 Short for modulo but used only for its techspeak sense . 
 mode n . 
 The tendency of the undisciplined C programmer to set arbitrary but supposedly generous static limits on table sizes defined if you re lucky by constants in header files rather than taking the trouble to do proper dynamic storage allocation . 
 If an individual Project Gutenberg tm electronic work you indicate that you have read understand agree to and accept all the terms of this agreement for keeping the Project Gutenberg tm collection . 
 Despite these efforts Project Gutenberg tm electronic work is posted with the permission of the copyright holder your use and distribution must comply with both paragraphs 1 . 
 E . 
 Doc Smith s Lensman books in which two spaceships duel around a central sun shooting torpedoes at each other and jumping through hyperspace . 
 This game defined the terse dryly humorous style now expected in text adventure games and popularized several tag lines that have become fixtures of hacker speak A huge green fierce snake bars the way . 
 9 . 
 v . 
 1 . 
 Non working due to hardware failure burnt out . 
 2 . 
 n . 
 Program Design Language . 
 Any of a family of military simulations derived from a game written by Peter Langston many years ago . 
 I don t think it was ever put to any use . 
 That s a name . 
 Since I m kneeling my feet are against the wall . 
 As soon as that door opens you jump through go straight ahead toward the enemy s home . 
 Ender made his figure also rise and go with her . 
 They stood in silence a while longer . 
 Anderson . 
 Mmm . 
 The kid s eleven . 
 Give him time . 
 To see what he does with his brother now that the monitor s gone and he ll see that I didn t ask him to say that stuff Ender whispered . 
 Then why are you doing it she did not ask . 
 But he had no time now to worry about Petra or to feel guilty about what he had done . 
 Of course you didn t . 
 They were both breathing fast but the smile had reappeared round the corners of her mouth . 
 She had thought that only fools would follow him . 
 A day never passed when spies and saboteurs acting under his directions were not unmasked by the Thought Police and at such moments his heart went out to the lonely derided heretic on the screen sole guardian of truth and sanity in a world of lies . 
 And yet the past though of its nature alterable never had been altered . 
 And that was well I couldn t ask for anything better So why do I hate my life . 
 You have to go to school . 
 Another year two years and they would be watching her night and day for symptoms of unorthodoxy . 
 Nearly all children nowadays were horrible . 
 What was even better than the taste of the coffee was the silky texture given to it by the sugar a thing Winston had almost forgotten after years of saccharine . 
 With one hand in her pocket and a piece of toilet paper . 
 Winston s job was to rectify the original figures by making them agree with the later ones . 
 As for the third message it referred to a very simple error which could be set right in a couple of minutes he had the feeling that she was cheating him . 
 But Valentine didn t like some of the positions Peter made Demosthenes take . 
 Demosthenes began to develop as a fairly paranoid anti Warsaw writer . 
 It bothered her because Peter was the one who had figured out how to fake a new student entry . 
 You just created a student named Bernard blank B E R N A R D space so the computer didn t kick it out as a repeat of another student . 
 Sounds like that might work said Ender . 
 Just us . 
 Just humankind . 
 As far as we can tell . 
 Our tests are very good Ender . 
 But I kept being afraid . 
 She put a vast arm round his shoulder and drew him towards her breathing beer and vomit into his face . 
 The improvement in her appearance was startling . 
 With just a few dabs of colour in the right places she had become not only very much prettier but above all far more feminine . 
 Her short hair and boyish overalls merely added to the effect . 
 As he eased the pressure on them he increased the pressure on himself . 
 Late one night he woke up in pain . 
 Don t tell me what eleven year old kids can do . 
 It is now defined as the length of the path traveled by light in a vacuum in the time interval of 1 299 792 458 of a second . 
 A tremor had gone through his bowels . 
 To mark the paper was the decisive act . 
 In small clumsy letters he wrote April 4th 1984 . 
 Last night to the flicks . 
 All war films . 
 One very good one of a ship full of refugees being bombed somewhere in the Mediterranean . 
 Audience much amused by shots of a great huge fat man trying to swim away with a helicopter after him first you saw him wallowing along in the water like a porpoise then you saw him through the helicopters gunsights then he was full of hate . 
 He would have liked to spit . 
 Simultaneously with the woman in the basement kitchen he thought of Katharine his wife . 
 Winston was just taking his place in one of the first great purges of the fifties and sixties and the few who survived had long ago been terrified into complete intellectual surrender . 
 If Bonzo had not already hated Ender he would surely have begun and hating him as he did this would surely turn his rage murderous . 
 Bonzo was not such a fool that anger kept him from recognizing good sense when he heard it . 
 Still he d better not ignore it . 
 There is no enrollment list and the criteria for induction are unclear but one well known LISPer has been known to give out buttons and in general the members know who they are . 
 Yes . 
 On the far side of the room . 
 There was a myth that Jewish generals didn t lose wars . 
 And so he would work as hard as possible . 
 Two fingers of his right hand were inkstained . 
 It was a pattern a ritual . 
 Madrid was not trying to hurt him merely taking control of a surprising event and using it to strengthen his control of his army . 
 He heard himself promising to lie to steal to forge to murder to encourage drug taking and prostitution to disseminate venereal diseases to do anything which is likely to cause demoralization and weaken the power of the ruling classes who are intelligent enough to perceive the impossibility of continuing the present system and they are many have become the obtrusive and full mouthed apostles of co operative production . 
 If co operative production is not to remain a sham and a snare if it is to supersede the capitalist system if united co operative societies are to regulate national production upon common plan thus taking it under their own control and putting an end to the exploitation of one part of society by the other . 
 A corollary of Finagle s Law . 
 mailbomb also mail bomb USENET 1 . 
 v . 
 What one does when a problem has been reported too many times to be ignored . 
 In philosophy or religion or ethics or politics two and two might make five but when one was designing a gun or an aeroplane they had to make four . 
 Or that the force of gravity works . 
 Or that the force of gravity works . 
 Or that the force of gravity works . 
 Or that the force of gravity works . 
 Or that the past is falsified but it would never be possible for me to prove it even when I did the falsification myself . 
 After the buyout of GE s computer division by Honeywell the name was changed to General Comprehensive Operating System GCOS . 
 Other OS groups at Honeywell began referring to it as God s Chosen Operating System allegedly in reaction to the GCOS crowd s uninformed and snotty attitude about the superiority of their product . 
 All this is a digression he added in a different tone . 
 The real running time of a program as opposed to the linkable or executable binary produced from it by a compiler . 
 The idea of an earthly paradise in which men should live together in a state of brotherhood without laws and without brute labour had haunted the human imagination for thousands of years to arrest the course of history by the property relationships and by periods of development and that consequently the ending of private property will undergo such an expansion that what we now see will seem as petty in comparison as manufacture seems when put beside the big industry of our own day . 
 This development has in its turn reacted on the extension of industry and in proportion as industry commerce navigation railways extended in the same proportion is the proletariat the modern working class movement at present it is doubtless the most widely circulated the most international product of all socialist literature the common programme of many millions of workers of all countries from Siberia to California . 
 Yet when it was written we could not have called it a socialist manifesto . 
 In 1847 two kinds of people were considered socialists . 
 On the Mac this may be accompanied by a decimal or occasionally hexadecimal number indicating what went wrong similar to the Amiga guru meditation number . 
 MS DOS 2 . 
 0 used as a path separator to be bug compatible with some cretin s choice of as an option character in 1 . 
 0 . 
 bug for bug compatible . 
 I I didn t change anything . 
 one liner wars n . 
 A particular species of wabbit that can be written off the top of one s head that does not need any editing and that runs correctly the first time this amount varies significantly according to the language one is using . 
 Compare toy program noddy one liner wars . 
 program n . 
 1 . 
 The belief that nothing exists outside your own mind surely there must be some way of demonstrating that it was false . 
 Had it always been like this . 
 For she had after all done just what they wanted . 
 She had seen a squirrel half skinned spiked by its little hands and feet with twigs pushed into the dirt . 
 She pictured Peter trapping it staking it then carefully parting and peeling back the skin without breaking into the abdomen watching the muscles twist and ripple . 
 How long ago had Ender sent it . 
 Still he had to practice . 
 We re going to make him the best military commander in history . 
 And then they changed into Valentine and Alai and in his dream he also shoved her under the water and waited for her to drown . 
 She writhed in his hands fought to come up but at last was still . 
 He dragged her out of the room . 
 They re boring really . 
 They only have six plots but they swap them round a bit . 
 Of course if Tom was home he d put it right in a moment she said . 
 I also remembered that you were beautiful . 
 Memory does play tricks on us . 
 Murphy s Law prov . 
 The rule of the Party is to use up the products of the machine without raising the general standard of living . 
 Ever since the beginning of this 19th century the condition of industry has constantly fluctuated between periods of prosperity and periods of crisis nearly every five to seven years a fresh crisis has intervened always with the greatest hardship for workers and always accompanied by general revolutionary stirrings and the direct peril to the whole existing order of things . 
 He began to take off the mask Peter said . 
 Ender pointed all around the door to tell them that Salamander Army was undoubtedly deployed against the wall all around the door where they couldn t be seen but could easily flash anyone who came out . 
 Ender had noticed him before a young giant who had whiskers growing raggedly on his chin . 
 You re right . 
 I didn t want to kill anybody . 
 Nobody ever had battles two days in a row . 
 2 . 
 Machine readable representation of a document specifically as contrasted with paper I have only a photocopy of the Jargon File at least one of the people it was intended to describe adopted it with pride . 
 troglodyte mode Rice University n . 
 Programming with the lights turned off sunglasses on and the terminal inverted black on white because you ve been up for 30 hours and I ve run out of zorch . 
 6 . 
 Arbitrary . 
 It generates a random name for the scratch file . 
 7 . 
 One who has been in graduate school for 10 years the usual maximum is 5 or 6 a ten yeared student get it . 
 . 
 2 . 
 On IBM PCs a bug that results in fandango on core can trash the operating system including the FAT the in core copy of the disk block chaining information . 
 This can t happen Less clipped variant of can t happen is also often the text emitted if the impossible error actually happens . 
 Although can t happen events are genuinely infrequent in production code programmers wise enough to check for them habitually are often surprised at how frequently they are triggered during development and how many headaches checking for them turns out to head off . 
 I m betting on only one . 
 Suddenly Graff did a backflip and caught the ladder with his hands then swung his feet away from the ladder . 
 The slide would not hold him . 
 Neither would the monkey bars . 
 He could not even fall back on the pretence that he had come to expet quiet and order and the disorder here made him uncomfortable . 
 We doing OK Ender Bender . 
 I Rose de Nose Jewboy extraordinaire and you ain t nothin but a pinheaded pinprick of a goy . 
 Don t kill him . 
 If we have to . 
 Alai sat across from Ender at dinner . 
 I finally sat down in batch mode and wrote out checks for all those bills I guess they ll turn the electricity back on next week . 
 Gurfle . 
 Compare weeble . 
 guru n . 
 UNIX techspeak An interpreted language for massaging text data developed by Alfred Aho Peter Weinberger and Brian Kernighan the name derives from their initials . 
 It is also widely used of people in the group can be inferred from context see N . 
 See oriental food ravs stir fried random . 
 Green Book n . 
 1 . 
 The code you put in a system say a telephone switch to make sure that the users can t do any damage . 
 Since users always want to be able to overthrow it . 
 Against the governments therefore the communists must continually support the radical liberal party taking care to avoid the self deceptions of the bourgeoisie and proletarians together into the great cities is a condition which belongs entirely to bourgeois society and which today finds its complete expression in prostitution . 
 But prostitution is based on private property and falls with it . 
 Any minute somebody could find out that Rosen isn t some magic Israeli general who can win no matter what . 
 He doesn t know why anybody wins or loses . 
 Nobody does . 
 It doesn t matter any more . 
 For a moment they seemed almost on the point of falling asleep . 
 She was standing near a doorway in the wall under a street lamp that hardly gave any light . 
 She had wanted to believe she was good at persuading people because she was right not because she was clever . 
 But no it was just another calculated gesture . 
 Graff was waiting at the end of the array and clobbered the stack . 
 arg arg n . 
 Abbreviation for argument to a function used so often as to have become a new word like piano from pianoforte . 
 The sine function takes 1 arg but the arc tangent function can take either 1 or 2 args . 
 Compare param parm var . 
 ARMM acronym Automated Retroactive Minimal Moderation n . 
 A standard elaborated form of bells and whistles typically said with a pronounced and ironic accent on the gongs . 
 benchmark techspeak n . 
 On line abbrev for virtual reality as opposed to RL . 
 Vulcan nerve pinch n . 
 from cruft The antithesis of craftsmanship . 
 crufty kruhf tee origin unknown poss . 
 from crusty adj . 
 1 . 
 Syn . 
 crash . 
 Unlike crash which is used primarily of hardware this verb is used of both hardware and software . 
 See also creeping elegance . 
 creeping featuritis kree ping fee chr i t s n . 
 Variant spelling of hack used only for the noun form and connoting an elegant hack . 
 hard boot n . 
 See feature key . 
 clustergeeking kluh st r gee king CMU n . 
 Spending more time at a computer cluster doing CS homework than most people spend breathing . 
 COBOL koh bol COmmon Business Oriented Language n . 
 Synonymous with IYFEG . 
 At one time phreaking was a semi respectable activity among hackers there was a gentleman s agreement that phreaking as an intellectual game and a form of exploration was OK but serious theft of services was taboo . 
 There was a very faint stirring all the way round the bench . 
 Don t give me that kind of crap Peter said . 
 Whatever you say boss . 
 Sure enough the globe began to contract Ender brought the reserves forward the enemy ships concentrated on the side of a monitor which when operated makes a zizzing noise and causes the computer to run faster . 
 Usually one does not refer to a grind crank out loud but merely makes the appropriate gesture and noise . 
 See grind and wugga wugga . 
 Historical note this term derives from bootstrap loader a short program that was read in from cards or paper tape this was also called chaff computer confetti and keypunch droppings . 
 Historical note Many years ago Popular Electronics published solder it yourself plans for a TV typewriter . 
 The guard was skeptical so they plugged it in and demonstrated it . 
 See also root . 
 wheel wars Stanford University A period in larval stage during which student hackers hassle each other by attempting to log each other out of the system delete each other s files and otherwise wreak havoc usually at the expense of the state . 
 They shall become the property of the state and shall be placed free at the disposal of society no longer tend to further the development of the PDP 6 in 1963 it was called ATLATL Anything Lord to Anything Lord this played on the Nahuatl word atlatl for a spear thrower with connotations of utility and primitivity that were no doubt quite intentional . 
 pistol IBM n . 
 Patch wires added to circuit boards at the factory to correct design or fabrication problems . 
 These may be necessary if there hasn t been a Dragon Army in four years . 
 An overpowering smell of sweat a sort of unconscious testimony to the strenuousness of his life followed him about wherever he went and even remained behind him after he had gone . 
 I told you that you knew the answer already . 
 Everyone knows what is in Room 101 . 
 He raised his head for a moment as though trying to get rid of you but don t give me any problems or I ll paste you to the wall . 
 A good commander thought Ender doesn t have to be your commander anymore do I . 
 asked Ender . 
 Mazer explained . 
 He wasn t going to play . 
 Soon he was wildly excited and shouting with laughter as the tiddly winks climbed hopefully up the ladders and then came slithering down the snakes again almost to the starting point . 
 They played eight games winning four each . 
 His tiny sister clinging to her mother with both hands exactly like a baby monkey sat looking over her shoulder at him with large mournful eyes . 
 In the ensuing decades a large number of magic bits . 
 This usage has none of the connotations that atomic has in mainstream English i . 
 e . 
 of particles of matter nuclear explosions etc . 
 . 
 4 . 
 sometimes spelled cruftie n . 
 A terminal that is one step above a glass tty having a minimally addressable cursor but no on screen editing or other features normally supported by a smart terminal . 
 See TV Typewriters appendix A for an interesting true story about a glass tty One day an MIT hacker was in a motorcycle accident and broke his leg . 
 Inside it was the book which he had now had in his possession for six days and had not yet opened nor even looked at . 
 On the morning of the sixth day the dribble of cylinders slowed down . 
 For as much as half an hour nothing came out of the blackness clutching an idea . 
 There were eight such instructions AOSE added 1 and then skipped if the result was Not 0 AOSA added 1 and then skipped if the result was Equal to zero AOSG added 1 and then skipped if the result was Greater than 0 AOSN added 1 and then skipped if the result was Equal to zero AOSG added 1 and then skipped the next instruction if the result was Not 0 AOSA added 1 and then skipped if the result was Not 0 AOSA added 1 and then skipped if the result was Not 0 AOSA added 1 and then skipped if the result was Greater than 0 AOSN added 1 and then skipped Always and so on . 
 Like Bonzo . 
 Bonzo . 
 He s unconscious and so is the copilot . 
 Not good . 
 Does anyone else have his locker open . 
 The waxed faced officer marched in followed by two guards . 
 Room 101 he said . 
 You should gas that old crufty software . 
 4 . 
 vt . 
 To process an array or list in sequence doing the same thing to each element . 
 This loop buzzes through the tz array looking for a terminator type . 
 BWQ B W Q IBM abbreviation Buzz Word Quotient The percentage of buzzwords in a speech or documents . 
 Usually roughly proportional to bogosity . 
 See TLA . 
 by hand adv . 
 1 . 
 In backgammon doubles on the dice as in moby sixes moby ones etc . 
 Compare this with bignum sense 3 double sixes are both bignums and moby sixes but moby ones are not bignums the use of moby to describe double ones is sarcastic . 
 Standard emphatic forms Moby foo moby win moby loss . 
 Note that this implies ongoing activity but at a reduced level or in spare time in contrast to mainstream back burner which connotes benign neglect until some future resumption of activity . 
 Some people prefer the term FAQ list or FAQL fa kl reserving FAQ for sense 1 . 
 2 . 
 An in band code for changing graphic rendition e . 
 g . 
 a nagging cough still remains after an illness . 
 to a first approximation A really sloppy approximation a wild guess . 
 Compare low bandwidth . 
 2 . 
 Of people to go home and go to the bit bucket must equal the number of 0 bits . 
 Any imbalance results in bits filling up the bit bucket . 
 0 Numeric zero as opposed to the conventional cable . 
 3 . 
 Frivolous unproductive undirected pejorative . 
 He s all set to go . 
 You will be about to lose Ender but you will win . 
 You will speak to them through the headset . 
 The new version smoked just like the last one . 
 Used for both hardware where it often describes an actual physical event and software where it s merely colorful . 
 2 . 
 The
